(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 22)
General Manager Min.
She wouldn't give her bag and insisted it was hers.
Hello.
- How... - Isn't this my home?
I heard I'm your daughter, so I decided to move in.
Nice to meet you. I'm Seo Ji Soo.
Hello.
Do I use Ji An's room?
Is it up there?
How did you get here?
Why?
Am I not supposed to be here?
You told them to send me.
Yes. I just didn't expect you to be here so early.
What?
Seo Ji Soo?
Hello.
How did you get here? Why didn't you call us?
Let's have a seat first. Then we can talk.
I'm tired, so I'd like to rest.
We should at least introduce each other.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
I'm home.
Who are you?
- Are you Choi Seo Hyun? - Yes.
How old are you?
23.
I'm Seo Ji Soo.
Call me Ji Soo until it becomes official.
Official?
Mother?
I haven't told Seo Hyun yet.
Really?
I know who you are.
You know who I am, and so does he.
We all know each other.
I guess you can just tell her about me.
Where's Ji An's room?
Do Kyung. You better take her to her room.
Yes, Father.
Let's go.
Mother. Father.
Who is she?
Well, let's talk in the study.
Is this the room Ji An used,
which was supposed to be mine?
Yes.
Then it must be the same as when Ji An was here.
I don't like that.
Change everything, please.
I'll do that tomorrow.
You don't even have an extra bed sheet here?
I'll get it immediately.
You must've been very upset.
- I... - I know you're sorry.
You're not upset.
You're angry at me.
This room is bigger...
than the living room in my previous house.
Unpack your stuff.
Go rest.
Yes, Mother.
What is it? Do you need anything?
I wanted to get some water.
Just stay here.
A glass of water, please.
Call the maid if you need anything.
I'll tell you her phone number.
I don't need to make a call for water.
Gosh, that TV is huge.
You can't watch TV in the living room at night.
Why?
Well, that's what we do here.
But this is the living room.
Isn't the living room for the entire family?
You should read books...
rather than watching TV.
But I don't like books.
- Here's the water. - Okay.
Thank you.
Must I watch TV on my cellphone now?
How can my sister change overnight?
I know you're confused, but we're confused too.
You must understand her.
That new Eun Seok?
Call her Ji Soo for now.
Eun Seok is ridiculous.
Why didn't she tell you until she was sent out...
after what she said to me?
What did she say to you?
She said you'll help...
whenever asked sincerely.
She told me to ask you if I ever get in trouble.
Did Ji An...
really say that?
When and why did she say that to you?
Well, we just...
happened to get on that topic.
Did Eun Seok go back to her house then?
She went back to her house.
Then that must've been her farewell to me.
I was starting to like her, but she left.
Goodnight.
What were Tae Soo and Mi Jung thinking...
to send her at this hour?
They didn't even call us.
I think she felt betrayed and came out of anger.
But still, she should've told us.
She should know that's rude at her age.
She's our real daughter. Aren't you happy?
You weren't like this when Seo Ji An was here.
I didn't expect her...
to come here so early.
Aren't you going to check on Eun Seok?
You should at least wish her a good night.
Is it that easy for you...
to treat her as our daughter, Eun Seok?
She's our daughter.
To me, she feels like a stranger.
It's like my daughter has been switched overnight.
That's all the more reason for us to get to know her.
When I saw her in the afternoon,
she seemed deeply hurt by what happened.
But that's not an excuse for taking it out on us.
I don't know...
if that's an act or that's how she is.
I share the blame for believing Yang Mi Jung,
but it was Yang Mi Jung who told that hideous lie.
She lied,
and because we believed that lie,
she got hurt the most...
when she had nothing to do with this mess.
You're right.
I'm to blame.
I'm sure she's going through a hard time now.
For the time being,
let her do whatever she wants.
Okay.
Let's just watch her from afar for now.
Ji Tae.
Yes?
I'm worried about...
both Ji Soo and Mother.
I really am.
Don't be.
This was long overdue.
They've corrected what was wrong.
It's a good thing.
If it's a good thing,
what are you worried about?
About us.
About us?
There's no way...
her family would just let this slide.
My parents switched their daughter.
That crossed my mind too,
but they can't report this to the police.
Ji Soo won't let that happen.
But still. They won't forgive my parents easily.
The only thing our family has...
is the deposit for this house.
And besides that,
they might come after me.
What?
No way.
You never know what lies ahead of you,
so I've been just thinking about it.
If I don't make any preparations,
I would be very sorry to you.
So I'm going to prepare myself.
My gosh.
I was just thinking of the possibility,
but you're preparing for what happens after that.
For me.
Ji Soo...
will be safe there, right?
That's where she belongs.
So I'm sure she's safe there.
I know Ji Soo left,
but we must find Ji An first.
Where could she be now?
She will come back...
after resting a few days.
She'll come back.
She will.
I'm going to the police station tomorrow.
Ji An isn't coming back because she hates me.
She should let us know that she got there safely.
Your real parents...
want us to send you.
They want you to move in.
If she had said...
that I was their daughter from the beginning,
would you have said what you're saying now?
Would you have said I must go?
I would have.
They're your real parents.
Right.
This is my house and my room.
Gosh, this bed is nice.
Ji An can't scold me...
for my bad sleeping habits now.
- Eun... - Please call me Ji Soo.
Since you're at our house,
you're Eun Seok now.
I didn't come here to be your daughter.
I'm here because I had nowhere to go.
You had nowhere to go?
I came because they didn't see me as their daughter.
And I was also curious about why...
Ji An liked it here.
We should talk after breakfast.
But I must go to work.
What time is it?
Gosh, I'll be late. Thank you for breakfast.
I'm sorry.
I'll stay at home today.
I can't go to work since I'm too exhausted.
Redecorate Eun Seok's room while you rest.
I will.
Mother, may I come in?
Sure. Come in.
Mother, are you not well?
It's nothing. What is it?
Well,
Driver Ryu sprained his ankle.
He can't work for a week, so I sent him on vacation.
I'll take taxis for the time being.
Okay. I got it.
Go to the restaurant, and work hard...
until you hear from them.
Mi Jung? My gosh, Mi Jung.
Hey, you. What happened to you?
After going out to find Ji Soo late at night,
you didn't call back,
and you weren't at the restaurant either.
Well, about that...
Hae Ja.
What should I do?
My goodness. Mi Jung.
I'm about to lose both of my daughters...
for what I did.
I can't reach Ji An wherever she is.
And Ji Soo...
She's so tenderhearted.
I'm worried how she will survive...
in that family.
I'm so terrified.
You already know Ji Soo is safe.
You must find Ji An first.
I guess she can't face me.
She's hiding from us.
Then why did you do that to begin with?
Wait, no.
This is not the time to point fingers.
Hey.
Poor you. What will you do now?
- Hae Ja. - Yes?
I must hurry off to the restaurant.
What is it?
I was wondering how Ji An is doing.
When she came back home,
did she seem okay?
Ji An?
She didn't come home until I left yesterday.
She didn't come back?
I doubt she came back last night either.
Did she call you?
Where did she say she was?
Do you think she would call me?
She neither called nor returned home.
Aren't you worried about her?
She's very proud and strong.
She's probably getting some fresh air...
because she doesn't want to see her parents.
Where do you think she went?
You should at least call Ji An's close friends.
Why are you worried about Ji An?
She's not your sister.
She was my sister for a while.
Yes, she was. But you know that she isn't now.
It wasn't like she was here for 1 or 2 years.
She'll come back after a few days.
She didn't come home?
I definitely saw her heading to her house.
Seo Ji An.
Where are you?
She said you'll help...
whenever asked sincerely.
Where...
did you send these photos from?
I know my daughter well.
Something must have gone wrong.
She's been reported missing, so please wait.
Wait.
Reporting her missing isn't good enough.
I need to find her right now.
Can you please track her location?
Sir, I understand that you're worried,
but your daughter is an adult.
Missing for three days is not a case.
You said she was in shock.
It's been four days.
Because she was in shock, she's in danger.
She would've called unless she was going to die.
This is Ji An's resume.
Contact all her old school mates...
and ex-colleagues.
See if anyone knows her whereabouts.
Yes, sir.
Make sure not to make it sound strange to them.
Make sure you don't do any harm to Ji An.
I know that much, sir.
And hire someone to guard her house.
Tell him to call me as soon as she comes in.
- Hurry. - All right, sir.
I came to the address Mr. Seo Tae Soo gave.
And it's a remote area.
There used to be around 10 houses over the bridge.
But after the big mountain fire, they all left.
Jo Soon Ok abandoned our son in such a place.
Why did Myung Hee forgive her?
They couldn't take her to the police because...
they were afraid of getting caught.
So they left her there and watched her...
until someone took her.
(Kang Chul Min)
They didn't write the letter.
Did they ask someone to write it?
Ma'am.
I don't know what the real Eun Seok likes.
What kind of furniture should I get?
Something different.
Just get whatever you see fit.
I will do that, ma'am.
I didn't know your style, so I decorated it.
Do you like it?
I love it.
All right.
Today, I will deliver the bread.
What? Why?
Just because.
You can't.
You can't. You can't like a married woman.
What are you...
Hey!
Here.
Actually,
you should take it back.
Pardon me?
I won't get breads from your bakery now.
Here.
This is the money I owe.
It's because my boss is bothering you, isn't it?
I am sorry. It's my fault.
I shouldn't have asked you to buy our bread.
That's not it. It's not your fault.
I don't understand why he's like that.
He doesn't care about money or marriage.
Living alone, he just cares about his bread.
I think he lost his mind because you're too pretty.
He lives alone?
But he's married.
He's not. He lives alone in the room downstairs.
He has never been married.
He has never been married?
Please put a ribbon, "Happy Anniversary".
Okay.
I can bring the bread.
You don't like that, do you?
I would hate it too.
I will just take it to him.
Take care.
Display this too.
She won't take your bread anymore.
- She won't take my bread? - No.
She settled the balance too.
You can work alone in the morning.
No!
He shouldn't do that.
Sunwoo Hee?
Don't you remember me?
I am Nam Goo. Kang Nam Goo.
I used to sell hotteok in front of your school.
Don't you remember me?
I was in too much of a hurry last time.
Is your husband well?
By the way, who made this bread?
Does he use good flour?
No way.
Honey.
It's really fun.
It's not tiring at all.
Honey. Honey.
Don't buy it.
I will get upset if you buy more things.
Stop it.
Stop what?
What...
You...
You knew.
Everything.
You knew everything.
Why did you do that then?
Did you want to avenge the woman...
who became miserable after leaving you?
Did you want to see me...
pretending to be happy?
I wanted to see you like this.
What do you...
You're a fool.
You're an idiot.
Where did the old Sunwoo Hee go?
You were always tired,
and scared.
That's not who I wanted to see.
I wanted to see the old Sunwoo Hee.
You used to be feisty and loud like this.
I missed...
that Sunwoo Hee.
How...
I can't believe this.
You are unbelievable, Nam Goo.
Time is a scary thing.
You're doing a one-man show.
You are just the person...
I ended with 17 years ago.
You're nothing more or nothing less than that.
Take a trip down the memory lane alone.
It's time to open the cafe.
Okay.
I will go.
I need to sell my bread too.
Go then.
Okay.
I will go now.
I can come back later.
I will go.
Let's see. Let's see.
Let's see from which angle it was shot.
Maybe I am overreacting.
What?
That jerk!
- Excuse me. - My gosh.
So that's when this was shot.
Am I making 20,000 dollars in no time?
Great.
All right.
(Ji Tae)
(Bankbook)
I guess it's time to tell my mom.
Should I tell Ji Tae first?
Yes, darling.
Let's eat lunch together.
I am sorry.
I have an appointment with my boss.
Is that right?
I'm sorry.
I'll see you at home.
Okay.
Tell your boss to treat you something good.
If your in-laws...
have migrated to Canada,
it'll be easy to be invited to migrate.
I see. Thank you.
I will take this.
Sure.
(Ji Ho)
Here.
Thanks.
It's been a long time since I bought you lunch.
You should eat something better.
Whom I eat with is more important,
and as long as I like it, it's the best food.
You always interpret things in your own ways.
This is really good.
It's even better because I'm here with you.
Why are you being so nice today?
It's strange.
The thing is...
Here.
(Ji Tae)
It's yours.
Mine?
(13,650 dollars)
13,650 dollars.
What's this?
Starting January, you gave me 1,000 dollars...
a month for the tutoring and the books.
And Mom gave me 300 dollars a month.
Ji An sometimes gave me money too.
I didn't use any of them.
I saved everything in there.
Then you...
Right. I am not going to college.
I am going to save money and start my own business.
I told Dad already.
And I made a bankbook for you...
so that I can tell you everything...
and give back what belongs to you.
Hey.
Ji Tae, I will briefly tell you about my plan.
Listen first.
There's...
something more important than that.
It's something you should know.
Something I should know?
What is that?
Does this...
make sense?
How can this happen?
How can Mom and Dad...
So...
Ji Soo lives there now?
I know you're surprised, but calm down.
Where is Ji An then?
Where is she now?
Ji An is out of reach.
Out of reach?
Where is she?
My goodness.
She must need time to think.
Just pretend you don't know about it.
Dad...
Ji Tae.
So that's why Dad ran after her...
the day she left, isn't it?
She wanted to stop her. Right?
Ji An.
Are you all right?
You're okay, right?
Where are you?
You know that I'm always on your side, right?
When you hear this,
please call me.
Make sure you call me.
Okay?
(Cinderella)
Hey. Did you know?
Did you just find out?
I found out last night...
because Ji Soo barged into our home.
Never mind that.
About our agreement,
let's call it off.
Call it off?
How can you do that? What can I do?
Are you mad?
Our families are like enemies to each other.
Does it make sense for me to help you?
My sister's gone missing.
That's why you should help me.
Think about what your parents did to us.
If you are sorry, you should pay back.
I wired the down payment.
What?
I already sent you the down payment.
So you can't cancel it. Never.
Hey.
I will be done for if my family finds out.
If I get into trouble too,
my mother might kill me.
How does that concern me?
Please.
I already did what you told me to do.
You said a week was all you need.
So I told Ryu...
that I'd see him a week later with the money.
I lied to Mother that Ryu is hurt.
Lying to my mother is like...
a death sentence.
Please.
From the contestants of the hand printing event...
we held during the 40th anniversary event,
we chose 10 finalists.
The new winter jacket is launching soon,
so the design team wants our answer today.
You can write the scores on the score sheet.
Our marketing strategy...
is to gift fairytale-like emotions.
It's important to express those emotions.
(40th anniversary hand printing finalists)
(Seo Ji An)
(Successfully submitted)
I think we need one here and one there.
One there and one there.
Is he the one...
making the wood pillars?
She said she severed all her connections.
She must be preparing to go back to her life.
Can you wait a week?
I should've told you from the start.
But right now,
I don't have the strength to talk about it.
She asked me to wait a week.
You always keep your words.
Right?
Excuse me.
I came to the right place.
What brings you here?
I need to talk to you.
What is it you want to see me about?
Do you know where Ji An is?
Did you say Ji An?
Why do you call her Ji An?
I call her Ji An with good reason.
What does that mean?
It's none of your business.
Just tell me if Ji An called you...
or you met her.
Who are you?
I don't even know...
your name or anything. Why would I tell you that?
So do you know where she is or not?
Well...
I'm Choi Do Kyung.
(Haesung Apparel, VP Choi Do Kyung)
I returned to the Marketing Team.
Do you know where Ji An is?
- Mr. Sunwoo Hyuk. - I don't know.
You don't?
- I don't know. - It sounded like you did.
I'm sorry, but she'll call me soon.
She'll call you?
Ji An said she'd tell me everything in a week.
I'm sure she'll call me.
I'll tell you once I hear from her.
You think?
She keeps her promises.
I believe she will.
All right then.
Please call me.
If Ji An calls you,
please let me know...
without telling her about it.
Please.
Did they get closer after a fight?
Did he put her in the marketing team?
Gosh, I hate that.
I need at least a day's notice of cancellation.
You can't cancel a meeting at the last moment.
Hey.
Why are you so depressed?
Is the bulk order cancelled?
In your company,
can the owner's son date a female employee?
He can date an employee...
unless he gets caught.
What if he gets caught?
The owner wouldn't fire his son.
But the employee wouldn't stay.
That's ridiculous.
So they fire her just like that?
They both loved each other.
Do you watch a drama these days?
A company owner's son...
is looking for an ordinary girl.
The girl was an employee of his company.
They dated and got caught. It got messy.
She couldn't stand what she had to go through.
So he's looking for her.
That's what it is.
Is that it?
That's fairly common in our world.
And there's no exception.
But why?
Nothing.
Ji Soo.
What?
Hello?
It's me. Dad.
Dad?
Yes, it's me.
I'm sorry. I thought you were someone else.
I see.
It's all right.
What's the matter?
Let's have dinner together tonight.
Okay.
Are you the one who took my daughter away twice?
- Sir. - Don't you dare kneel.
Repenting after getting caught isn't genuine.
You two...
will pay for your crimes. So don't you...
dare say another word.
You must be disappointed that Do Kyung isn't here.
It's okay.
Ji Soo, you can't put your elbows on the table.
Why not?
It's table manners.
Is there such a thing?
- Of course. - Where?
You can't see it, but it's a thing.
So sit straight and remove your arms from the table.
Why should I do that when I can't even see it?
I'm just eating because the food is good.
Then can't I just eat it the way I'm comfortable?
That's what you did with the other family.
- But it's different here. - What's different?
Don't answer back.
Hey.
I'm not talking back. I'm having a conversation.
Well...
Just let her eat the way she wants.
I don't feel like eating already.
I'll eat alone later.
Ji Soo.
Why are you acting upset?
Because I'm upset.
Even if you are, you can't take it out on anyone.
I'm upset, but if I don't take out my anger,
what am I supposed to do with it?
I should take out my anger to release it.
And you are not just anyone.
Then are you taking out your anger on us now?
- Yes. - Why?
Seo Hyun.
Because your parents lost me.
It was an accident.
It can't be an accident.
Was it an accident?
It was an accident.
Your mom passed out after a car accident.
That's when she lost you.
That's not true.
I read some articles.
I can't believe this.
Why'd you let a 3-year-old girl wear a diamond pin?
That's why you lost me.
Don't you think?
You see bread when you're hungry. Would you eat it?
I would.
She would eat it.
The pin had pink diamonds on it.
We always traveled by car.
It wasn't dangerous.
But you had an accident.
And why did you take Ji An...
only after talking with my mom?
You should've done another DNA test.
I'm sorry about that.
Then you shouldn't treat my parents like that.
You people are just as responsible.
Your mother lied to me.
It's your parents who sent Ji An and deceived us.
Myung Hee.
If you hadn't lost me in the first place,
my parents wouldn't have had to lie to you.
My birth mother lost me,
and my foster mother sent Ji An instead of me.
You both are to blame. So...
I'm only one who can get angry with my parents.
I'm the only one who has the right to hate them.
You shouldn't have lost me in the first place.
Tell me.
How did you kidnap my daughter...
in Yangpyeong rest area?
I can tell you that.
But if you were more cautious,
you wouldn't have lost your daughter,
and we would've gotten caught immediately.
Who is she?
These are...
diamonds. They're pink diamonds.
Pink diamonds?
Can I take a look at your hairpin?
Mommy will be back soon. Wait for her in the car.
Nothing she said is wrong.
That's why she blames us.
Let's be lenient on...
Seo Tae Soo and Yang Mi Jung.
We should just let them be?
When they deceived us?
Should we go along with that immature child?
I can't do that.
You want to do more than...
forcing Yang Mi Jung to work...
and keeping her on a leash?
It'll hurt us if they turn themselves in.
I can't just let this go.
Let's think of the real Eun Seok.
You saw her reaction.
That's only because...
she doesn't know where she is.
Before we do anything,
I should go to Hawaii to see my father.
If we agreed to blame it on a mistake,
you can tell him over the phone.
I can't.
I must tell him in person...
so that he gets less disappointed.
Are you hoping that he will...
come up with a story?
No.
I can't let him...
end up favoring Jin Hee over me.
How incredible.
This is one impressive household.
Please leave a message.
Seo Ji An.
Ji An.
Is that why you couldn't tell me?
Because of him?
Fine.
Now I get it.
I totally get why you went into hiding.
But still, I said...
you can come to me if you need help.
I'll just listen,
no questions asked.
Why are you suffering alone?
Get back to me.
You may break promises,
but you know I don't.
I can do anything for a friend.
You know that, right?
Welcome.
Oh dear.
There are no empty tables.
I just wanted a drink.
Join me.
But don't talk to me.
Me too.
Can I have another bottle?
Hey.
How many times have you been in love?
Once.
Why does he have such long legs?
Save me.
Hyuk?
I'm here to deliver Sunwoo Hyuk.
What happened?
He's killing me.
Why are you bringing him home?
My back's about to break.
Let's put him down.
Put him down here. I'll take him upstairs.
He's way too heavy.
- Just put him down. - No.
Oh dear.
Hee, are you okay?
Are you okay?
I'm fine, so get out of here.
Get out.
- How will you manage... - There's another guy.
Get out. Get out right now!
Okay, but my shoes...
Hyuk, wake up.
Hyuk. Oh no...
- Hyuk. - What a mess.
Why did she disappear...
without calling anyone?
I don't believe it.
I got to see you drunk.
Answer me.
You're smart.
Come up with a reason.
Choi Do Kyung.
Are you letting yourself go?
Get a grip of your emotions.
Don't you worry.
These emotions...
are not those kinds of emotions.
I'm upset because I can't keep a promise.
She...
Ji An...
ran away because she was scared.
Why?
Because I didn't help her.
I should've helped her.
I said I would and I didn't.
What a piece of work.
He's drunk and he still won't give the full story.
I'm so worried.
I'm going crazy.
What are you doing?
Oh, right.
Thank you very much.
(Bakery guy)
Hello.
Hey.
Aren't you going to Incheon today?
How did you know that?
You said you'd get some nice wood...
and make me a bread board.
I did?
When you carried me home?
I'm getting some nice wood.
I'll make you one.
Forget about that.
- Do me a favor. - What is it?
Those people are so careless.
Why?
We're done for the day.
We're out of bay salt, and we can't bake.
What a disaster.
The men bringing the salt died...
They're badly hurt.
I'll go to the store and get some.
When did I ever use salt from the store?
You need to go to Incheon.
To Incheon?
I can't drive.
Mr. Sunwoo's going to a sawmill in Incheon.
I begged for his help.
To get us some salt.
Mr. Sunwoo?
Yes. I'll go and run some personal errands.
Go and get some air.
And comfort Mr. Sunwoo.
Comfort him for what?
I happened to meet him at a bar a few days ago.
I think he's moping over a lost love.
- Gosh. - He liked this woman,
but she was seeing someone else.
You can't hear the story without shedding a tear.
Oh dear.
Hello.
Get in.
Are you bored? Shall we listen to music?
Not...
Okay.
What music do you like?
Anything. Play whatever you want.
I don't mind.
Do you not like this genre?
Cheer up. Bye.
Cheer up.
You don't look too good.
You're saying what I said to you.
Did you ever feel that...
you knew someone very well,
but you actually knew next to nothing?
Even your family...
doesn't know everything.
Why did I make conclusions about that person?
Why did I think I knew the person?
I regret that.
Because they never told you.
You can't know how one feels...
unless they tell you.
You can never see into someone else's mind.
It's nothing, I just...
You're eloquent.
What? I am?
I'm quite chatty.
That's not what I meant.
Then what?
I must really have something.
I became a breadwinner at a young age,
so I had to make all the decisions.
I quickly form something like a prejudice.
It's a very bad habit.
I don't get what you mean.
I'll tell you if we get closer, neighbor.
We'll do it. What if you get hurt?
It is your girlfriend this time, right?
No, we're just neighbors.
Neighbors?
Oh, a female friend?
Why do you have so many pretty female friends?
Stop talking nonsense and show me some rosewood.
Sure.
I won't be long.
Okay.
Ji An used to love wood.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Is this the cafe owner's favorite store?
It tastes best when made the traditional way.
She makes me come here every year.
How fascinating.
Ji Soo.
Do you want some squid?
No, I'm fine.
That's how they dry seaweed.
I should come back to look around.
- Ji Soo, let's go. - Okay.
I didn't think you'd buy some for me.
I couldn't ask you, could I?
I'll treat you to a meal back in Seoul.
I hope you will.
I should.
Sorry.
Take a taxi back.
What?
I need to make a stop. I'll bring you the salt.
- Drive safely. - Sure.
What's wrong?
Could you turn back?
Ji An.